(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Seo Jin. Mommy's clothes are here.
I haven't bought a dress in years.
Right?
(To: Ma Jin Joo)
Goodness, why is this so short?
Gosh, if I carry you with this dress on,
my underwear will show.
Right, Seo Jin?
I'll have to return this too.
It's really pretty though.
When I was young...
I thought age was just a number.
I, Ma Jin Joo, was in this world,
and age was just merely a number that soaked into me.
I'm in my late 30s with a kid.
Do you think I can wear an above-the-knee dress?
Do you wear short skirts after having kids?
"I stopped wearing them in my mid 30's."
"I might look like an old woman trying to look younger."
"Me too. After giving birth, I tend to wear long skirts or pants."
"It doesn't matter if it looks good on you."
Yes, I can wear it if it looks good on me.
- Ta-da. - Gosh, you surprised me.
How do I look? Isn't it pretty?
Are you still a child?
You're too old to wear such short skirts. Act your age.
Where are you, Seo Jin?
Seo Jin, Dad's here.
Where are you, Seo Jin? It's Dad.
Where are you, Seo Jin?
- He's sleeping. - Really?
As I grew older each year, I realized that...
the age wasn't soaking into me.
Rather, I was adjusting myself to my age.
That's how I got used to my age.
(Episode 6, You Shine the Brightest When You Are Yourself)
(1999, Seoul)
Why is this umbrella so weak?
Fold it. It's done its job.
Then just take me to the College of Liberal Arts building.
Do you like anything in particular?
You.
I think it's true.
I think I like you.
He's so young, yet so sly.
You're making an old woman's heart flutter.
He might be a player.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Can you come closer to me?
Look. He is a player.
If we walk like this, I'll get wet.
It's my umbrella after all.
Oh, gosh. I'm sorry.
It'll stop raining soon, right?
Yes.
It's the festival today.
Is he Park Tae Hwan or something?
His shoulders aren't that broad, and yet they're all wet.
It's about the same size.
Why did you bring two?
We can use one together.
Are we shooting a teen drama or something? It will get us wet.
Let's go.
Are you shooting a drama with her and a reality show with me?
That scumbag.
Who? Me?
No, of course not.
Be quiet. Quiet.
Now that it's stopped raining, you must be excited about the festival.
- Yes. - Yes.
You guys won't study on a day like this.
This is my special treat! There's no class today.
Play all you want.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
What are you doing?
His shoulders are similar to mine.
Gosh, that guy.
You can date your first love.
You can fulfill the dream that never came true.
But you shouldn't have come to my dad's theater.
I didn't want to go there.
It just happened.
Well,
he doesn't know who I am anyway.
So you nearly told him who you are kindly.
"Yes, Father-in-law!"
Gosh.
I've been living like that for 18 years. It comes naturally.
We don't know when we'll go back, yet you got yourself a boyfriend.
He's always following you around.
I thought he was gum or something.
Look who's talking.
Don't cry after being hurt by a sly fox.
I didn't want to tell you this as I don't want to come between you two,
but Min Seo Young had an umbrella this morning.
- She had an umbrella? - Yes.
You don't know how sly people are these days.
Is this true?
What's wrong with you? Have you gone crazy?
It's cute.
She wanted to use the umbrella with me.
She's not a sly fox. That's what teen dramas look like.
You're so used to crazy dramas.
Crazy dramas?
That's not what teen dramas look like.
It's just an illicit love of an old man.
Love and war.
- Illicit love? - Gosh, you surprised me.
Love and war?
Can I borrow that video?
What genre do you want?
Western? Japanese?
Gosh, Ma Jin Joo.
He has thousands of collections for each category.
You should ask him.
Gosh, she doesn't know when to stop.
You must be keeping healthy.
It's not like that. Get out of my way.
You don't need to deny it.
(1999 Hankook University Festival)
(Dart Games)
(History Major's Bar)
(History Major's Bar Menu)
(Invincible Social Physical Education Major)
(Dance Major's Bar)
We are college students. Let's abide by the rules.
Where are all the freshmen?
You ended up...
going down that road.
The future I saw was accurate.
Because the weather was good,
because the weather was okay,
you ended up making that choice.
You foolish human.
Then are you a ghost?
No, a goblin.
A 38-year-old goblin.
What are you talking about? You should be congratulating me.
Is this your best decision?
Are you sure?
You need to think this through.
You shouldn't be making this decision in a hurry.
18 years of your life is at stake here.
Are you jealous that I got a girlfriend first?
How frustrating.
- I'm really against this. - Why?
What will you do about it anyway?
About 11 years from now,
when you are exactly 31 years old,
The moment Park Ji Sung scores during South African World Cup,
you will regret this moment, blame me for not stopping you,
and cry your heart out.
I'm not responsible.
I'm telling you.
I tried to stop you.
Goodness, you foolish human.
I'm telling you, I tried to stop you.
Hey, if you can't be happy for me,
the least you can do is not stop me.
Let go of me.
Because of this decision, the future you may...
end up an old maid,
contemplating about the best way to murder...
Ahn Jae Woo.
I'm not responsible when that happens.
- My goodness. - Forget about that.
You never know if you'll die today or tomorrow in life.
Why would I need to think about the future? My head hurts.
What's important is the present.
"I want to date you."
"Forget about one-sided love. I want to go out with you."
Isn't Jae Woo just adorable?
You'll ruin your life yourself. Who else can do that?
When's the day you started dating him?
I'll give you 10 dimes for 100 days on your 100th day.
I knew you were very considerate.
But that's not important.
Who cares about the date you started dating someone?
You're really frustrating me.
Today is the second day we started dating.
Brothers, are you ready?
Wait, are you...
My gosh, you startled me.
Why do sad premonitions always come true?
Do you remember?
We've been waiting for this moment since school began.
"Campus Talent Show"!
I remember this.
The title page of my ugly history that'll go away only when I die.
The root of all evil.
(Nurse Mi Gyeong, "Campus Talent Show" video)
Right? Don't you think it's him?
I think so too.
- Mr. Choi. - Hey.
Isn't this you?
I never knew you had this kind of side to you.
Darn it.
Hey, this is awesome.
Where did you get these outfits?
You're awesome. So awesome.
I was a bit crazy back then...
I get it now.
This is why the future sent me back here.
Okay, good.
Hey, friends.
Get rid of...
whatever's on your mind right now.
And this thing?
Don't do it. Don't.
And of course, I won't do it.
What are you talking about?
You said...
you wanted to be on TV at the beginning of the school year,
and you planned the whole thing.
Yes, and he brought everything you asked for.
What's with you?
We'll end up making a great memory with these.
- Right? - Yes.
And this memory...
will haunt you for the rest of your life.
Anyway.
- Goodbye, guys. Good luck. - Where are you going, Ban Do?
Are you really going to the library, instead of the festival?
If old seniors like us sit around at the tent bar,
- the juniors will feel uneasy. - I guess...
you were never really interested in festivals.
It's been forever since I've been at a festival.
I thought you didn't care about festivals.
I guess not.
Festivals and parties are great things.
Party while you can.
Later on, you'll have to pay for this.
Do you pay to go to festivals?
Festivals, parties.
Every single corner of this country is doing some kind of a festival.
You'll be lucky to be able to go if you have the money and time.
That's our major's tent pub.
Hold this.
Goodness, it's heavy.
- I'll get it. - What?
- Oh, okay. - Over there?
- Yes. - Yes.
You young ladies aren't strong enough for this.
Thanks.
- Where? - Over here.
Thank you.
Hey, watch out for the water.
It'll be really bad if you get water in oil.
That could've been bad.
Are you sure the sun rose from the east today?
Hello, Nam Gil.
He never showed up in festivals for the last three years. What's wrong?
It's his last festival. He's a senior.
Exactly. He's a senior.
Why would he sit around while we're preparing for the festival?
Goodness.
You're cutting off the good parts.
My goodness.
You have to hold the back of the knife...
and peel just the outside layer.
Was that an order?
Just a suggestion.
Oh, okay. Mom, one minute.
Okay, so...
a bit of sugar and a lot of red pepper paste.
Okay.
A bit of sugar.
A bit?
A bit. A bit.
That's a bit.
Goodness, hey!
- Hey. - That's a bit.
If you added that much, you won't be able to taste anything.
Do you know how to do make this?
I can make stir-fried spicy pork even with my eyes closed.
Are you sure you didn't make this half-heartedly?
Goodness, you're so suspicious.
Try some.
Wow, this is good.
Hey, Jin Joo.
Sul.
Me too.
- This is good. - Right?
Here.
Jin Joo.
This will be our main menu.
How does that sound?
Hey, this is nothing.
You'll be really shocked if you see my other menus.
How many servings do I have to make?
Oh, right.
We won't have a lot of customers, so let's make just a little.
About 100 servings?
- 100 servings? - Yes.
I have a delivery.
What's that?
Lighten up. We won't make you cook the whole thing.
Anyway, it's about time he got here.
The special forces guard the country,
and the reserved forces guard our bar at the festival.
Thanks.
We accomplish that difficult duty done.
- Hello. - Hello.
Good work.
Have fun at the festival.
- Yes, ma'am. - Yes, ma'am.
- Seo Young. - Yes?
You're in great condition these days.
Keep it up and control your weight.
Yes, ma'am.
What's with you?
You're always smiling.
And in a great condition. Is it a guy?
Don't focus only on practicing.
Find a way to relieve your stress.
A guy is a good solution too.
Thank goodness it stopped raining.
You didn't even have an umbrella. Thank goodness I met you there.
What? Right. Thank goodness you came.
It's a good thing I bumped into you.
"Campus Talent Show"?
- Will you be entering it? - What?
No way.
I'm not a kid, and I'm not crazy about being on TV.
No, I won't enter.
Why not? It looks like fun. You should try.
I think it'll be cool to see you on TV.
You think so?
No.
You shouldn't make a mistake that can't be fixed.
Keeping low key is the best way to live.
You always tell me to have fun...
and do whatever I want.
But you're too timid.
Am I?
Wait a minute.
Hi, Mom.
No, I don't want to.
Why would I enter a competition that I can't win?
No!
I'm hanging up.
Gosh, you're scary.
You know how to get angry?
Well... A person can't have only good traits.
What? Who says you only have good traits?
Hey.
- Gosh. - No way.
All you need is this to cook in the army.
When you're cooking this much, you think of...
a spoonful as one shovelful.
Hey, Jin Joo.
If you were going to help out, you should've applied for May Queen.
May Queen?
That's right.
I was nominated early in the semester, wasn't I?
Yes.
I wanted a student from my department to be nominated...
to be May Queen while I was in student council.
But you refused and refused.
That's right.
I guess I was really pretty.
Gosh.
All right. It's done.
- We mustn't waste anything. - Goodness.
Hey. Look what you did!
Gosh, I don't have a change of clothes.
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
It doesn't look that bad though.
- What? - I knew this would happen.
Goodness.
Are you okay? You got the most sauce on your shirt.
Sorry.
I can wash it when I get home.
(Invincible History)
Gosh, that's cold.
I'm sorry.
Why...
What are you doing?
Hey, did someone put drugs in his food?
Gosh.
We have a performance soon.
Hurry up and wipe it off.
Wait. You shouldn't do that.
What?
Because it's oil, it'll spread if you add water.
You put a drop on the spot...
and wash it...
like this.
Ta-da.
Gosh, you're right.
Jae Woo. How do you know all this?
You're so meticulous.
That's why I like you.
Gosh.
[VIU Ver] E06 Go Back Couple
"You Shine the Brightest When You Are Yourself"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Goodness.
Gosh, what the...
Hi, Dok Jae.
Gosh.
Hey, don't you think it's too much?
What?
"What"?
Three beers, please.
Hello.
Morning kiss, afternoon kiss,
good night kiss.
Yesterday alone I saw you kiss...
more than 10 times, you punk.
What's wrong with her? Is she a pervert?
Is she going out with you to kiss you?
Who would do that?
"Who would do that?"
There are many reasons why people date.
I want to date a girl who's sexy.
I want to date a girl who's cute.
I want to date someone older and someone younger.
What are you saying, idiot?
I mean there are many reasons why a person dates someone.
You're going out with her because you like her.
She also has a reason for going out with you.
A reason.
It's body.
- Body? - It's body.
Hey, I'm getting a signal.
It's a big one.
- I have to go. - Gosh, you're nasty.
What about the body?
(Coffee)
Gosh.
Of course. I see why you'd think that.
There are guys who date girls for physical affection.
I don't hate it.
But sometimes I wonder...
if he's dating me because of that.
Am I easy?
Is he dating me just to grope me?
That jerk.
Is he a pervert?
Is she a pervert?
Is she going out with you to kiss you?
Gosh, it's a college festival.
It's been so long since I came to one.
Good work, Ban Do.
You led a good life.
You're really funny.
Hey, let's go over here.
Throw it straight.
That's right.
Gosh, why are they making such a fuss?
Gosh. That's right.
There were always things like this in college.
Do you want to try?
Yes, you should try.
You're on a date.
I envy you.
Your friends and fourth years...
are working so hard so that...
we can earn some money for our major.
You were nowhere to be seen...
because you were on a date?
Gosh, you must be out of your mind.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
It's not like that.
Who's that? Jin Joo.
Do you want to play?
Yes.
It's 50 cents.
I'll give you a dollar.
But I want him.
What are you doing?
Gosh, wait.
Wait. Wait.
No, I mean...
Okay.
Gosh, hurry up!
Bullseye!
Jin Joo, you're so good at this.
This is easy.
Let me change your diapers.
Gosh, you're so adorable.
My handsome boy.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Can you change him to another person?
Are you worried about him?
Of course.
Oh, my. Choi Ban Do.
Wait.
I think...
we should change.
I think he might die.
No, you can't.
He's my only target.
How many balloons are you throwing?
Ma Jin Joo.
I'll kill you.
That was harsh.
She was really targeting one man.
But I did find out one thing.
You know, love...
comes from worrying about someone.
Min Seo Young...
I think Min Seo Young...
I think...
I think Min Seo Young likes you.
Gosh, Ban Do.
I'm sure of this. Trust me.
- Gosh, you took so long. - What?
You took so long to find out.
Gosh, well done.
Well done.
What's this? You knew this?
How would you?
You're too stupid and ignorant to realize such delicate feelings.
Why are you sighing?
Let's go.
What's wrong with him?
You were so happy just before.
Did she dump you?
She didn't kiss you, am I right?
Don't pick on me. I don't feel like getting in a fight.
Yes, sir.
Ban Do,
change into our uniform.
You used to wear it every day.
I told you not to do this.
You might embarrass yourselves...
and be treated as Bruce Lee all over the nation.
I won't do it.
I can't.
Choi Ban Do.
Are you sure you won't have regrets when we come out on TV without you?
Yes.
If you're certain you won't regret it,
come and take some pictures.
Let's go.
Do you really need to take that road?
Hey!
At least, don't do anything with the water bottle.
Hey! Kang Ho Dong is here!
Kang Ho Dong? Kang Ho Dong?
- What? - Gosh.
Let's go.
It's Kang Ho Dong.
I'm not going.
Why would I want to see Kang Ho Dong?
It's not only him. Jae Woo and the others are coming.
They're just going to make a fool of themselves.
Are you really not going?
Yes, go on.
We'll come back after seeing Kang Ho Dong, all right?
All right.
Let's go!
Is it for me?
Why?
It's new. Is it for me?
You should just laugh out loud.
That makes me feel worse.
I told you not to do anything with the water bottle.
I wanted to change your destiny, but you won't listen to me.
If this gets broadcast on TV,
it'll become an ugly past...
that will last until you die.
So what? It was adorable.
Well done.
Gosh, you're so cute.
Isn't that Min Seo Young?
Why is she wandering around?
Min Seo Young!
Hey!
Ban Do is here.
Gosh, there's a mosquito.
Good luck.
Nam Gil.
Where have you been?
(May Queen Contest)
Isn't the candidate from the college of liberal arts here?
- No. - No.
Darn it.
What's wrong?
A May Queen candidate isn't coming.
The Zhang Ziyi lookalike from the Chinese major?
Yes.
Gosh, pretty girls are so full of themselves.
You're drinking too much.
It'll stop raining soon, right?
Yes.
Did you see me?
Gosh, look at that.
I'm too embarrassed to come to school, Jae Woo.
No, it was fun.
No, it wasn't.
It's like you're dating a minor.
How come that young kid has such emotional eyes?
What a player.
What? I mean, what is it?
Give me some. I never got a taste.
Are you hungry? Here you are.
Hey, Jin Joo!
Hey, why did you get stuff on your shirt like an old lady?
An old lady?
Stop being nosy, and mind your own business.
I heard old men dating minors is a huge problem nowadays.
There are many perverted old men, right?
Perverted old men? Like who?
There are these perverted guys that only love young women.
Goodness, I heard old women are bigger problems nowadays.
They go to these male escort bars,
and they go crazy and think they're young...
because these young men kiss up to them.
Be careful.
There is always more than meets the eye.
You!
What?
What are you two talking about?
What's this talk about dating minors and a male escort bar?
Have they always been this close?
You're right. You two seem very close.
We aren't close.
Forget about it. Give me that stir-fried spicy pork.
I heard it's really good.
Yes, we found the hidden genius chef.
Jin Joo!
We need one person from liberal arts to be in the May Queen Contest.
They'll let you join because you were on the preliminaries.
Just do it, will you?
What? Was she on the preliminaries of the May Queen Contest?
We voted for her because she was pretty, but she refused to go.
Jin Joo, do it.
You're the prettiest girl in the College of Liberal Arts.
Just do it.
How can I ever be the May Queen?
I'm not the type that likes to be in front of people.
They won't crown just anyone as the May Queen.
Don't embarrass yourself by joining the contest.
That idiot.
What's with him?
Embarrass myself?
You're worried because I might be the first place.
- Me? - That's it. The first place.
Let's do it. You are doing it, okay?
What?
Oh, gosh. I'm not dressed properly.
Next time.
What's this?
Why do you have new clothes?
It was in my car.
In your car? Women's clothes?
My sister. It's my younger sister's.
Right, sure.
This isn't good.
How can I ever be the May Queen Contest?
You can't be the May Queen.
You should be glad if you aren't the last place.
What will you do if I win?
What? You? Win?
Goodness.
Okay.
- Let's do it. - Really?
Then I'll ask someone to get some accessories too.
Let's go. Come on, hurry.
(May Queen Dressing and Waiting Room)
She's the May Queen candidate from the College of Liberal Arts.
- Okay. - Okay.
I got myself into this because Ban Do got me angry.
But how can I be the May Queen?
I can't do this.
Hey.
Make it good. You're the Queen of the history major.
- Hey... - If you win, it'll be even better.
Good luck!
Hey, wait. I...
You're the substitute,
Ma Jin Joo, a history major, right?
Yes.
- Get changed and ready. - Okay.
Goodness, why is this so short?
(May Queen Contest)
It's starting.
(Here comes the May Queen, Ko Eun Seon of chemistry major!)
Hello, everyone.
It's the moment you've been waiting for.
It's the highlight of the festival.
Let Hankook University's May Queen Contest begin.
A round of applause, please.
We don't have to worry. Jin Joo will definitely win.
You're right. Don't worry.
Jin Joo will definitely be the last place.
Gosh, you scared me.
Stop looking at me like that.
You're really scary whenever you glare at me.
I'm not scary.
Am I scary?
What?
Now, before we bring out the beautiful...
- May Queen candidates, - Did you just hesitate?
let me tell you not to applaud only for people from your major.
I'm just kidding. Don't be scared.
Rather, clap for whoever is the prettiest to you, okay?
- Okay. - Sounds great.
And now, the first contestant.
Kim Yeong Ju from the College of Education.
Please come out. A round of applause, please.
Goodness, you're such a beauty.
Say hello to everyone. Great.
Next up is Ko Eun Seon from the College of Engineering.
Wow, she looks great too.
Say hello to everyone.
All right, great.
Should I stop now? Should I leave?
Should I go?
Gosh, but I said I'll do it.
And finally, the last contestant.
Ma Jin Joo from the College of Liberal Arts.
- Give her a round of applause. - It's Jin Joo.
Let's give them all a hand.
Wow, aren't they all so beautiful?
All right, then.
You're so pretty!
Look at her. She's so pretty.
Hey, do all women look like her...
when they're dressed up?
No.
Please introduce yourself.
Pardon?
- Please introduce yourself. - Right.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Ma Jin Joo, a history major from the College of Liberal arts.
She's really nervous.
The beautiful ladies here...
will put on a talent show.
What have you prepared, Ms. Ma Jin Joo?
I haven't heard anything about that.
Hey, isn't that the same girl that you wanted to hit on?
Yes, you're right.
You should hurry. She'll be taken soon.
But since you do have to show us what you can do,
can you show us anything you're good at?
Oh, I'm very talented at eating things and whatnot,
but I really don't have anything I can show on stage.
- I'm dropping out. - Wait.
You can't drop out after I've introduced you.
You can't do that.
Just show us anything you're good at.
For example, you can dance, sing,
or impersonate someone.
I don't think I'm good at anything in particular.
Something I'm good at?
The dusk begins to fall
On this dark street
And quietly I tell you
About my dream
Goodness, honey. You're such a great singer.
Thanks to you, Jin Joo is a great singer too.
Jin Joo is truly an exceptional singer.
She was born with the talent.
Maybe she should've been a singer.
- A singer? - Yes.
Leave my life alone
Don't meddle with it anymore
To the world that
I can lead my own life
- I will be born again - Jin Joo, don't be nervous!
I don't need anything else
I only need music and dance
Just like this
I will do what I want
I will spread my wings
I have to be the owner
Of my life
I know now
What my real life is
In the rhythms of music
I'm always there
Even if I have to
Choose my life again
There won't be any regrets
I'd be happy to be anywhere
Where there is music
I want to walk a different path
I will find a different me
What's at the end of this world?
I will fly higher
Nobody can live my life for me
I know now
What my real life is
In the rhythms of music
I'm always there
Even if I have to
Choose my life again
There won't be any regrets
I'd be happy to be anywhere
Where there is music
I want to walk a different path
I will find a different me
What's at the end of this world?
I will fly higher
Nobody can live my life for me
I have a question.
- What is it? - What do you like?
"What do I like?"
I like ballet, hip-hop, and dance.
You know what I like.
But I don't know much about you.
You're right.
What do I like?
Maybe you don't know it because I don't like anything.
How can you not like anything? Think more carefully.
Something I like? Something I like...
- Cheers. - Drink up.
Alcohol!
Alcohol is what you like?
I really don't know.
Goodness.
That's like you though.
- She was so close. - I know.
Jin Joo was the prettiest.
You're saying that because she's your friend.
She wasn't the prettiest.
She was the prettiest.
Are you challenging me?
No, I never challenged you.
Let's say the judges were blind.
By the way, why is Jae Woo going to the bathroom so often?
Well... Mr. Bo Reum?
There's something I really want to ask you.
- May I ask you a question? - You're free to ask.
I'm free to not give an answer.
Why can't you just answer me? Never mind then.
What is it?
The reason why you're dating Jae Woo...
She'll hit me if I put it like this.
Why...
are you going out with Jae Woo?
- What? - Well...
There must be a lot of reasons for dating him.
Why are you dating him?
Why do you want to know?
Come on. It's not like answering me costs money.
Why are you dating him?
Because he's easy.
Jae Woo is easy.
Easy... Easy?
Easy...
(Under construction. Use bathroom in the College of the Arts.)
The College of the Arts is so far.
- Hey. - Wasn't she really pretty?
She was awesome.
The arts major was my type.
She was pretty. Anyway they were all hot.
Goodness.
Not her, but the history major.
- She was so cute. She's my type. - Me too.
These kids...
have a good taste in women.
Hey, Hyun Seok picked her at the club.
Yes, she's mine. Don't lay your eyes on her.
That's Dr. Park.
Kids.
I'll give her to you when I get bored with her.
Why that...
You're all dead.
- She was amazing. - They were great.
You're all dead...
Did I drink too much?
What...
Well...
What are you doing?
What?
(Epilogue)
("Campus Talent Show", Hankook University)
"Campus Talent Show" is at Hankook University today!
Jin Joo's school is on TV. Come out and watch.
- Really? - Yes.
I heard they were there.
Hey, Jin Joo! Come out!
Why isn't she coming out?
Doesn't she want to watch this?
Leave her alone.
Please give them a big hand!
- Look at him. - "Nice to meet you."
Hello.
Please introduce yourselves.
- Goodness. - Hello!
I'm civil construction major...
Choi Ban Do!
Ahn Jae Woo!
Go Dok Jae!
2, 3!
- Hello! - Hello!
- They're cute. - They are.
What will you show us?
Is it a strength performance? Okay, good.
He's so funny.
- Wait. - He's funny.
They're exactly the same!
- Gosh. - That hurt.
Why is he so funny?
Students your age all have girlfriends.
Do you have a girlfriend?
History major!
Ma Jin Joo!
He's my boyfriend.
I love you!
Call him in now.
Now!
I love you too!
I'm going to kill that guy!
(Go Back Couple)
Why are you opening the door like that?
If you're in medical school,
don't you have the "Medical Student's Night?"
Do you want to go with me?
There's no way to know unless you hear it from them directly.
I told you Yoon Bo Reum was popular. That evil girl.
Who are you going to bring to "Medical Student's Night?
- How do you like it? - She's lost her mind.
I bought it for you.
You're living the dream imagining life with a tall, young man.
Why aren't they picking up?